---
title: "Version 2009-09-19"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: cde33104-01d6-4d47-a009-11fc77ba32ca
caps.latest.revision: 4
author: tamram
manager: carolz
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Version 2009-09-19
The 2009-09-19 version of the Azure storage services includes these changes:  
  
-   Enhancements to Shared Key authentication. See [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](../StorageServicesREST/Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md) for more information.  
  
-   The introduction of a new type of blob, the page blob, which is optimized for random read/write operations and provides the ability to write to a range of bytes in a blob. See [Understanding Block Blobs, Append Blobs, and Page Blobs](../StorageServicesREST/Understanding-Block-Blobs--Append-Blobs--and-Page-Blobs.md) for more information.  
  
-   New naming rules for container, blob, and queue metadata. See [Naming and Referencing Containers, Blobs, and Metadata](../StorageServicesREST/Naming-and-Referencing-Containers--Blobs--and-Metadata.md) and [Naming Queues and Metadata](../StorageServicesREST/Naming-Queues-and-Metadata.md) for more information.  
  
-   Blob snapshots, which are read-only versions of a blob as it existed at the time the snapshot was taken. See [HTTP Operations on Blob Service Resources](../StorageServicesREST/HTTP-Operations-on-Blob-Service-Resources.md) and [Snapshot Blob](../StorageServicesREST/Snapshot-Blob.md) for more information.  
  
-   Blob leases, which ensure a one-minute exclusive write lock on a blob. See [Lease Blob](../StorageServicesREST/Lease-Blob.md) for more information.  
  
-   Enhanced control over publicly accessible container and blob resources. See [Restrict Access to Containers and Blobs](assetId:///1d1c1a78-7a01-4477-b8e0-394d122e15a6) for more information.  
  
-   Anonymous access to the root container. See [Working with the Root Container](../StorageServicesREST/Working-with-the-Root-Container.md) for more information.  
  
-   The `x-ms-version` response header, returned by all API operations. This header indicates which version of the API was used to make the request.  
  
-   Additional options for enumerating containers, blobs, and queues. These options permit you to return metadata in the enumeration, and in the case of blobs, to return snapshots and uncommitted blobs in the list. See [List Containers](../StorageServicesREST/List-Containers2.md), [List Blobs](../StorageServicesREST/List-Blobs.md), and [List Queues](../StorageServicesREST/List-Queues1.md) for more information.  
  
-   Additional blob properties, which save values specified for standard HTTP headers. See [Set Blob Properties](../StorageServicesREST/Set-Blob-Properties.md) for more information.  
  
-   A `DequeueCount` property for messages, which indicates how many times a message has been dequeued. See [Get Messages](../StorageServicesREST/Get-Messages.md) and [Peek Messages](../StorageServicesREST/Peek-Messages.md) for more information.  
  
-   A requirement that REST calls to the Table service include the `DataServiceVersion` and `MaxDataServiceVersion` headers on every request.  
  
-   New values are returned in the `Server` response header to identify the service that handled the request. These values are:  
  
    -   Windows-Azure-Blob/1.0  
  
    -   Windows-Azure-Queue/1.0  
  
    -   Windows-Azure-Table/1.0  
  
## See Also  
 [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](../StorageServicesREST/Versioning-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md)