---
title: "Version 2015-02-21"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 2016-06-29
ms.prod: azure
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: storage
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 2ed05f7c-aeed-4d28-9424-6137f15b19e6
caps.latest.revision: 5
author: tamram
translation.priority.mt: 
  - de-de
  - es-es
  - fr-fr
  - it-it
  - ja-jp
  - ko-kr
  - pt-br
  - ru-ru
  - zh-cn
  - zh-tw
---
# Version 2015-02-21
Version 2015-02-21 included these changes:  
  
-   A new blob type, the *append blob*, is now available. All writes to an append blob are added sequentially to the end of the blob, making it optimal for logging scenarios.  
  
     Append blobs support an [Append Block](../StorageServicesREST/Append-Block.md) operation for adding blocks to the blob. Once a block is added with `Append Block`, it is immediately available to be read; no further commits are necessary. The block cannot be modified once it has been added.  
  
-   A number of new features are available for the Azure File service, including:  
  
    -   New operations on the File service, including [Get File Service Properties](../StorageServicesREST/Get-File-Service-Properties.md), [Set File Service Properties](../StorageServicesREST/Set-File-Service-Properties.md), and [Preflight File Request](../StorageServicesREST/Preflight-File-Request.md). The `Preflight File Request` operation enables CORS support for Azure files.  
  
    -   A maximum size limit for a share, which can be specified when the share is created via [Create Share](../StorageServicesREST/Create-Share.md), or which can be added or modified after the share has been created, via [Set Share Properties](../StorageServicesREST/Set-Share-Properties.md).  
  
    -   Usage data for a file share, via the [Get Share Stats](../StorageServicesREST/Get-Share-Stats.md) operation.  
  
    -   Support for shared access signatures for shares and files.  
  
    -   New [Get Share ACL](../StorageServicesREST/Get-Share-ACL.md) and [Set Share ACL](../StorageServicesREST/Set-Share-ACL.md) operations, for managing shared access policies on a share.  
  
    -   New [Get Directory Metadata](../StorageServicesREST/Get-Directory-Metadata.md) and [Set Directory Metadata](../StorageServicesREST/Set-Directory-Metadata.md) operations.  
  
    -   New [Copy File](../StorageServicesREST/Copy-File.md) and [Abort Copy File](../StorageServicesREST/Abort-Copy-File.md) operations.  
  
-   When constructing the string-to-sign for a shared access signature for the Blob, Table, Queue, and File services, you must include the service name in the canonicalized resource portion of the string. See [Constructing a Service SAS](../StorageServicesREST/Constructing-a-Service-SAS.md) for more information.  
  
-   When constructing the string-to-sign, omit the value of the `Content-Length` header from the string-to-sign when that value is zero. See [Authentication for the Azure Storage Services](../StorageServicesREST/Authentication-for-the-Azure-Storage-Services.md) for more information.